---
lip: 80
title: Tokenomics
description: This LIP describes the tokenomics of the Lux Network.
author: Your Name (@YourGitHubUsername)
discussions-to: <URL>
status: Draft
type: Informational
category: Core
created: 2025-07-22
---

This is the suggested template for new LIPs.

## Abstract

A short (~200 word) description of the technical issue being addressed. This should be a very terse and human-readable version of the specification section. Someone should be able to read only the abstract to get the gist of what this specification does.

## Motivation

The motivation section should describe the "why" of this LIP. What problem does it solve? Why should someone want to implement this standard? What benefit does it provide to the Lux ecosystem? What use cases does this LIP address?

## Specification

The technical specification should describe the syntax and semantics of any new feature. The specification should be detailed enough to allow competing, interoperable implementations for any of the current Lux platforms.

## Rationale

The rationale fleshes out the specification by describing what motivated the design and why particular design decisions were made. It should describe alternate designs that were considered and related work, e.g. how the feature is supported in other languages.

The rationale should discuss important objections or concerns raised during discussion around the LIP.

## Backwards Compatibility

All LIPs that introduce backwards incompatibilities must include a section describing these incompatibilities and their consequences. The LIP must explain how the author proposes to deal with these incompatibilities. LIP submissions without a sufficient backwards compatibility treatise may be rejected outright.

## Test Cases

Test cases for an implementation are mandatory for LIPs that are affecting consensus changes. Tests should either be inlined in the LIP as data (such as input/expected output pairs, or included in `../assets/lip-###/<filename>`.

## Reference Implementation

An optional section that contains a reference/example implementation that people can use to assist in understanding or implementing this specification. If the implementation is too large to reasonably be included inline, then consider adding it to `../assets/lip-###/` or linking to a repository.

## Security Considerations

All LIPs must contain a section that discusses the security implications/considerations relevant to the proposed change. Include information that might be important for security discussions, surfaces risks and can be used throughout the life cycle of the proposal. E.g. include security-relevant design decisions, concerns, important discussions, implementation-specific guidance and pitfalls, an outline of threats and risks and how they are being addressed. LIP submissions missing the "Security Considerations" section will be rejected. An LIP cannot proceed to status "Final" without a Security Considerations discussion deemed sufficient by the reviewers.

## Copyright

Copyright and related rights waived via [CC0](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/).